booyakasha he's done over the top can
you make someone pregnant by taking him
up the bottom he's gonna below the belt
in America woman can vote but course
cannot but now he's going undercover
how could you not tell your brother what
you do I was spying you know you should
keep that quiet
Oh buddy I need your help
Oh these heated seats make you feel like
you pissed yourself their elevated seats
yeah well I told you not to smoke at
your age you should just be vaping do
you have any other skills I can make my
balls look like say in McAllen you're a
very beautiful woman only a guest called
mr. Bill Cosby that pellet was filled
with the toxin I'll be dead in 90
seconds to be don't suck it out you can
suck my scrotum or you can let me die
okay what would you like written on your
gravestone my balls in what font would
you like that
the rapist
that's extremely folktale